chore: bump release-service-utils image in rh-sign-image-cosigin (#670)
konflux-ci/release-service-catalog: tasks/rh-sign-image-cosign/README.md

| secretName             | Name of secret containing needed credentials                                                                                                                                                                                                      | No       | -             |
| signRegistryAccessPath | The relative path in the workspace to a text file that contains a list of repositories that needs registry.access.redhat.com image references to be signed (i.e. requires_terms=true), one repository string per line, e.g. "rhtas/cosign-rhel9". | No       | -             |

## Changes in 1.1.0

> * Bump release-service-utils to upgrade cosign version for fixing the idempotency error in signing.

Reviewer: Can you specify the version? Perhaps something like this:
```suggestion
* Bump release-service-utils to upgrade cosign version to 2.4.0 which should fix an issue the osci team is having when trying to release.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks

Reviewer: Cool. E2E signing should be fixed now. Let's see if it works.
